Hello, welcome to my channel with
plus a tutorial of the costume jewelry course
today we will make a play performance and
zipper
I took advantage and it closes here
I took advantage of a bracelet I made
A past video lesson with is about this
Then I took the time to do
a toy the level of difficulty
this very easy piece we'll start
so let's start a nephew
visit
we'll need a base pair and
earrings in your choice
rings and two fish
that siper you used to
do your bracelet will be left closing
So I took two of them and this one
here is very easy you take it out here
I'm going to use it to make another partner
in another bracelet and will use the
closed
Let's start our will was a
ring with the help of the application let's
Open
We put we'll do it
with another
we will open
i
I'll leave us
the tips of the rings have to stay
Well, here it is.
get well very closely midas back
but also together
do not drop another chicken
We'll open it and put it in that
first and with it facing forward
we will put the other
People are golden then try to use
all golden accessories golden peace
golden ring
the date we put together our
new state
liked click liked and to see the
tutorials and sign up for the received channel
more news
Thank you all for such